from jail a bouncing on a bed let's move
on to something totally different porn I
want him to encode in The Telegraph
pornography is replacing sex education
what's the difference anyway
I think pornography's more kids friendly
than sex education the serious because I
have learned a lot from polygon in fact
it would be safe to say I owe my entire
life to polymer 10 things that pawn has
taught me okay number 10 boobs
exist for me it's a fact
ask any engineer and he will agree
number 9 whenever you have a when sorry
whenever you are having sex with someone
there is always a guy playing some
background music number 8 anyone wearing
a red lipstick wants to fuck you after
giving a mind blowing blowjob even if
it's a guy mini 7 j pawn is not that bad
there is not much talking that's why I
guess it's for the girls I have enforced
too much gay porn but once in a while I
do watch the fashion police number 6
black men have long dicks Asians have
small dicks and the Chinese don't have
dicks at all which is why their phone is
like magic pond like magic realism okay
fine
always carry condoms cause you never
know who will wanna fuck you next number
four wanna curse can talk but not more
than two sentences
joy will vouch for them number three the
way to a woman's heart is through her
pants the way to a woman's pants is well
through a pants uma do women love to
fuck trust it's true and the number one
lesson pawn has taught me is the warning
sign before a movie which says watch it
only if you are 18 fucking useless
okay from pawn let's move on to
something more interesting like the Pope